- TODO: break into sections with headers
- TODO: add more info, e.g. strategies, how to write good code, and so on

Many tech companies will ask you to code something.

If the position you're applying to involves writing code and the interviewer(s)
do not ask you to code something _or_ do not look at any of your previous work,
consider that a big red flag.

Most companies will ask you to code something in real-time while observing you.
Some may have you tackle the problem individually, while others may have you pair
program with someone on the team. Such problems may be asked over a phone, if
you're lucky, you'll share an editor with the interviewer, otherwise have fun
describing your algorithm. If the interview is in person, it will likely be
a whiteboard coding problem.

Some companies will give you a "take home" coding problem. You'll have a limited
amount of time to solve the problem(s), typically a few days. In these
situations you can use whatever resources to solve the problem (e.g. access to
the internet and books are allowed). These problems tend to be slightly more
difficult than the problems in "real-time" interviews.

In take-home interviews, they want to see if you're capable of solving the
problem in a reasonable manner and timeframe. They're less concerned about your
thought process or strategies.

In real-time interviews, the goal is not to get the best answer.  The goal is to
witness your thought process and decision making. They want to see how you
approach the problem. It is crucial for success that you **communicate** while
working on the problem.

Questions are often intentionally underspecified, so you have to ask questions
before writing a solution. Never start writing code before asking questions.

Little details like syntax errors don't matter. Can't figure out if it's
`size()` or `length()`? Say you're unsure, choose one, describe what it does,
and move on.

Write good, clean, robust code and test it.

Interviewers expect real code. You can use pseudocode to start as long as you
tell your interviewer that you will write real code later.

Use a popular language. Don't use brainfuck, or prolog, or basic, or some other
language that most people have never used, unless you're going to be using that
language on the job. I personally prefer to use Python, but other popular
choices are Java, C++, C#, and JavaScript. Bonus points if you use a language
that you'll use on the job.

Avoid doing complicated stuff. Don't try impress your interviewer with complex
solutions, often the most readable and simplest solution is best in the
interview.

After you've written the code, the interview will likely review it with you and
ask why you did something a certain why and if it can be improved.

Interviewers aren't given a list of questions to use. They choose their own.
Chances are they know the problem well and various ways how to solve it.

If you're stuck, say you're stuck. Think out loud. Nothing is worse than being
quiet, especially during a phone interview.
